The Joe Rogan experience.
It's going to be the fun thing about this business. Like the entertainment.
It's like, you know,
you don't know who your fans are and some of them are much cooler me rest
assured much cooler than I am. Um, I wound up,
I wound up at Janet Jackson's mansion one time in Miami beach.
Cause she summoned us to the matches summoned
[inaudible] yes,
it's a show far. Really? And so we got a call from, uh,
an agent who was a mutual friend and he said, Janet is in town.
She's renting a mansion on the gorse island. Yeah. That's all.
While we're silent is where Salma glutes from cocaine Cowboys,
the Kings of Miami rented a Manchester. So that's how I knew Lucas.
I'm like Salma. Glute is mansion rental mansion. So she said,
she's here recording an album. She wants to meet you.
She's a huge fan. And I was like, she,
did she think you were the guy from the smashing pumpkins? I was like, yeah,
I'm the guy. I'm the one with the hair. Does she know that?
I'm like not Billy Corgan and who incidentally has at Billy on Twitter?
Was he like a investor in Twitter? Like how did he got at Billy?
Silly's smart. So what happens is when people go want to want to tweet at him,
they go at Billy C O R and my name,
I guess like auto-fills because they go right past at Billy,
which he has at Billy. And so I get all kinds of like,
when they're like upset at how he treated Daisy on wrestling on Sunday.
I'm like, what the is going on? Like, you're so mean to Daisy. I'm like,
what the is happening? Why, who, who do you think I am? But like,
um, but like, uh, we get, so Janet wants to, to meet you.
And so we come to this match and we're sitting with her manager at the
time, was this great, big, hilarious dude. And we're just chilling on the couch.
And all of a sudden he looks up and all of a sudden at the top of the stairway,
uh, vision, Janet Jackson, she's like in this beautiful, like Moomoo was like,
I don't know. It's just like seeing like, uh, like Neffer TD, like,
like Roy Cleopatra appear at that. We're just all just like, ah, it was like,
you know, the angels are singing and she's beautiful. And she's like,
and she like descends the staircase, you know, we're just like,
this is incredible.
And she sits down and she is just like the sweetest,
like most casual down to earth person.
And she goes into this story. She's like one morning,
my phone rings. It's like four o'clock in the morning.
And it's Jermaine, Dupri, not Jackson, her brother,
she was dating Germania pretend. And she said, and I said, is everything okay?
He says, yes, I'm coming over right now. There's something you need to see.
And she goes, okay, it's four o'clock in the morning, shows up at the door.
It's like, are you sure? Everything's okay. Yes, everything's fine, baby.
You've got to watch this. And he hands me,
a DVD are written in Sharpie.
It says cocaine Cowboys.
And I'm like, like, I'm like, I'm with my producing partner off Spellman.
I'm just like, what the is happening? What the is happening?
And she said, and I watched it twice.
She put the DVD, the bootleg into the DVD player at four o'clock in the morning.
And she watched cooking Cowboys twice. And she's like, you know,
when we were growing up, my sister,
she was interested in love story and romance novels.
She's talking about Latoya right now. Right?
Like we know too much about this family. Right. You know? So like,
she's like Sheila, she goes, I loved, you know, mafia stories,
crime stories, Scarface crime incorporated Al Capone. That was my thing.
And so I loved that and she wanted to talk about Griselda, Blanco,
the godmother. And I'm like, this is batshit crazy. So she says,
you guys like sushi, Alfred hates sushi.
He says, yeah, I like sushi. She says,
we should go to Nobu and have sushi next week. He's like,
absolutely love sushi.
And we went out with Janet Jackson. Oh my God. To Nobu.
And she's like, oh, we shared, it was, it was surreal.
Watch the entire episode for free, only on Spotify.